# NP Trackr App
Welcome to the README for NP Trackr App! This document provides an overview of NP Trackr, a customizable tracking application designed to assist users in tracking their goals and rankings of various items according to their preferences.

## Overview
NP Trackr App is being developed using React Native and Expo Go, making it compatible with both Android and iOS platforms. It utilizes PostgreSQL as the database management system and JavaScript for scripting functionalities.

The primary purpose of the app is to provide users with a flexible solution for tracking their goals and rankings of things they like, such as meals, movies, or any other customizable category.

## Features
**Customizable Tracking**: Users can define their own goals and categories for tracking.
**Goal Tracking**: Users can set and track their progress towards specific goals.
**Rankings**: Users can rank items within each category according to their preferences.
**Insights and Analysis**: The app provides insights and analysis based on users' tracking data to help them make informed decisions and prioritize their goals.
**Cross-Platform Compatibility**: Built using React Native and Expo Go, NP Trackr is accessible on both Android and iOS devices.

## Technologies Used
**React Native**: A JavaScript framework for building native mobile applications.
**Expo Go**: A platform for developing and deploying React Native applications.
**PostgreSQL**: A powerful open-source relational database management system.
**JavaScript**: The primary programming language used for scripting and implementing app functionalities.

## Installation
To run the NP Trackr App locally, follow these steps:

1. Clone the repository:
bash
Copy code
git clone https://github.com/your-username/np-trackr-app.git
Navigate to the project directory:
bash
Copy code
cd np-trackr-app
Install dependencies:
Copy code
npm install
Start the Expo development server:
sql
Copy code
npm start
Use Expo Go on your mobile device to scan the QR code generated by the development server and open the app.

## Contributing
Contributions to the NP Trackr App are welcome! If you would like to contribute, please fork the repository and submit a pull request with your changes.

## Feedback and Support
If you have any feedback, suggestions, or issues regarding the NP Trackr App, please feel free to open an issue. We value your input and will address any concerns promptly.

## License

The NP Trackr App is licensed under the [GNU General Public License version 3 (GPLv3)](LICENSE). This means that you are free to use, modify, and distribute this software, subject to the terms and conditions of the license.


